[NARRATOR] Previously
on Dragon Ball Z Kai!
The long-awaited day of the
World Martial Arts Tournament
had finally arrived,
but the real excitement
came with an "arrival"
of a different kind.
Ta-da!
Hey, guys!
[ALL]
Goku!
I don't believe it!
I've been waiting so long!
I really have missed you, too.
You're my dad?
You're my dad!
Oh, man.
Feels like your mom's
been feeding you rocks!
[GOKU] Bet you'll be
stronger than me in no time!
Um. Excuse me.
You've got twenty-four hours.
No more, no less.
Are we clear?
Mhm. Yeah. Twenty-four.
Wish us luck!
[NARRATOR] With everyone
present and accounted for,
the group heads off
for the arena!
The World Martial
Arts Tournament
is about to begin--now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[LADY REPORTER]
Thanks for talking to us, sir!
Oh. It looks like we
have a last-minute group
of contestants
making their way over.
I don't wanna miss the prelims,
so let's make this quick!
[CAMERAMAN]
Rolling!
Hi there! Mind telling
us where you're from?
Say.
Did those two look
familiar from somewhere?
I dunno.
I could've sworn
I saw 'em before.
[ALL laughing]
[LADY REPORTER]
Excuse me, sir!
How far have
you traveled to be here?
Uh. Well, I came...
...all the way down
from Otherworld.
Huh?
[LADY REPORTER laughs]
We've got a kidder!
Uh. Hey. I wouldn't kid
about something like that.
Huh?
[LADY REPORTER]
You're very committed to this
Otherworld angle-- which must
explain that spiffy prop halo!
[GOKU] What, this?
It's the real deal.
They're standard
issue when you die.
[LADY REPORTER screams]
[chuckles]
Good old Piccolo.
He hasn't changed a bit.
I can't believe you broke it!
We spent hours
shooting all this fluff,
and now we're right
back at square one!
Oh man.
How'd that happen?
I've never had a
camera explode on me!
[MONK A] If anyone
needs to switch outfits,
you have these changing
rooms at your disposal.
We don't have much time,
so if you would hurry up,
that would be great.
Aw. Lame.
I wanna fight with the
grown-ups, not a bunch of kids.
[KRILLIN]
I gotta admit, you guys.
I almost feel sorry
for the other fighters,
'cause they have no
idea what they're in for.
We're the only ones that can
land a punch on each other.
Everyone else is outclassed,
you know what I mean?
[MONK B] I don't mean
to pry, but you're looking
pretty green
around the gills, sir.
Are you all right?
What are you suggesting?
My face is supposed
to be this color.
[BOTH] We'll just
be on our way, then!
Wow!
[TRUNKS]
Sorry we're late, guys!
We wanted to
keep you in suspense!
All right. Here goes!
[TRUNKS] Last one
there's a rotten egg!
[GOTEN]
Uh-huh!
[TRUNKS, GOTEN giggle]
[GOTEN]
I win!
Huh?
Whoa!
[KRILLIN]
Oh yeah!
[GOKU] Well, looks like
we got a full house!
[GOHAN] Can you
believe this crowd?
[PICCOLO] They're all
a bunch of weaklings.
Huh?
I don't believe it!
It's you!
You finally came back!
Hey!
Do you have any
idea how long I've been
waiting for you to
show your faces again?
It's been years!
I feel like I should definitely
buy a lottery ticket,
because this is my lucky day!
Mr. Satan
didn't defeat Cell.
It was you guys doing all
the heavy lifting, am I right?
Come on,
I wasn't born yesterday.
I, for one, am glad
you're back in the game,
because the tournaments have
been snoozeville ever since
you raised the bar
and then vanished
like ya did--no offense,
I'm just saying is all!
Huh?
[ANNOUNCER] Tell me those
are friends of yours!
[GOKU]
Yup.
Awesome!
That's what I want to hear!
Hey, shoulder-pads!
If you could be a
sport and not destroy
the arena this time,
that would help.
We'll see.
Could one of
you bruisers pinch me,
because if I didn't know better,
I'd swear this
has to be my birthday!
By the way, what's the
deal with that halo?
I don't know if it reads
with our demographic.
Oh, that's a souvenir
from my fight with Cell,
since I died in the middle.
I'm actually here on a one-day
pass from Otherworld.
Whatever you say, man!
If you wanna roll in there
with some crazy "returned
from beyond" backstory,
who am I to stop ya?
Knock yourself out!
[GOHAN] I'm glad somebody
knows how incredible Dad is.
[ANNOUNCER chuckles]
You guys could skate through
the prelims in your sleep!
Give 'em a good show!
I'll see ya in a bit!
The ratings are gonna
go through the roof!
[CROWD cheers]
[MR. SATAN laughs]
Wanna remember today with
an autograph from yours truly?
I'll give it to ya for
free if you're one
of the first fifty
people in line!
[CROWD chanting] Mr. Satan
rocks! Mr. Satan rocks!
[KRILLIN] Y'know, they say
that death is the only cure
for stupidity,
but in his case,
I don't even think
that would help.
[ATTENDANT] I'd like to
thank each and every one
of you for
coming out today!
As you know, we're about to get
going with the preliminary
round of the World Martial
Arts Tournament!
Of the 194 adults
who've entered, only 16 will be
allowed to compete
in one-on-one combat!
The kids have different rules,
which we'll cover later on!
One of those 16 spots is
earmarked for Mr. Satan,
since he is the
tournament's reigning champ.
So, with no further
delay, let's get down to
choosing the
other 15 contestants!
What's this all about?
[ATTENDANT] As usual, we'll use
a punch machine to ensure
everyone's strength
is scored fairly.
Those with the 15 highest
scores on the punch machine
will move on from
the preliminary round!
What's a punch machine?
Nope, I got nothing.
[ATTENDANT]
All right!
In order to show you
how the machine works,
and let you see what you're in
for if you ever reach the arena,
we're bringing out a familiar
face to give us a demonstration.
Please welcome the champ
himself, Mr. Satan!
Come on out!
[MR. SATAN]
Yeah!
If you want it, you're gonna
have to take it from me!
[CROWD cheering]
Yeah!
Everyone I came here with
could take that belt from him.
Easily.
C'mon! Don't be shy!
Show me those cameras!
[PICCOLO] I've seen about
all of this I can stand.
[REPORTER A] I think his
muscles busted our cameras!
What was that for?
I took the liberty
of breaking all the
cameras in the
spectator seats, as well.
If your disguise fails you,
the students at your school
won't have the chance
to figure out who you are.
You can focus on the tournament.
Thanks a lot!
That's a relief!
What the heck just happened
to all those cameras, huh?
Oh, well.
Guess I just flexed too hard.
Megaton Punch!
Is this a dream?
Can my eyes possibly be looking
at a score of 137 points?
[CROWD gasps]
[VIDEL]
Gohan! Over here!
Step up and show
the machine who's boss!
Do your best,
and maybe you'll be the
lucky son-of-a-gun
I fight later on!
C'mon.
The dude's an animal.
He's gonna win this year
just like he always does.
All right!
Everybody come forward and take
a number, and then line up in
numerical order in front
of the punch machine.
And, if you're a
little fella here to
participate in the
Junior Division,
come over and we'll get
you squared away!
Show 'em whatcha
got "little fellas."
I wonder if Tien is
around here somewhere?
I dunno, Goku.
He did say we'd
probably would never
see him again
after the last time.
Number 6 got 97 points.
[ATTENDANT] Pretty shabby.
Sixty-one points.
Oh, we might have a contender!
Number 76 scores 112 points!
Lame.
Next one up is number 84.
Hey! Get a load
of the eye-candy!
Number 84 is a chick!
Yeah!
I'd let her knock
me out anytime!
[KRILLIN] Go easy on
the machine, okay?
They're gonna
freak out if you break it.
[ANDROID 18]
I know, I know.
What the--? She scored
a 774 with a tap?
I'm sorry, ma'am.
We seem to be having
technical difficulties.
What the heck?
You said you
were gonna hold back!
Gimme a break. Pretending
to be weak is tough.
I think we're up and running, if
you don't mind hitting it again.
Two hundred and three!
Number 85 scores 192.
[ATTENDANT]
Number 86 scores 186 points!
Number 87, 210!
I think it's safe to say
this punch machine
is totally on the fritz.
Whaddya say we swap
it out for a fresh one?
[MONK E]
Good call!
[VEGETA]
Stand back.
No way!
Real subtle.
Thanks, Vegeta.
If he's fighting in
the tourney, I'm calling
it a day right here and now!
Pretty typical.
Hey! Gohan!
Why don't you look
like you're surprised?
That guy just took out the punch
machine with a single hit!
It's such a shock,
it hasn't sunk in yet!
That kind of power,
it's just out of this world!
All of them probably
came here as a group!
How did each of them
score around 200 points?
Before they stepped
up to the machine,
my dad's score of 139
was the highest one of all!
Yeah, crazy, huh!
Uh so--
For those of you
who haven't had your turn
at the punch machine yet,
please be patient!
We'll bring out
another one just as
soon as we can,
so--uh-- hang tight!
Whaddya think, Vegeta?
Looks like our kids are
about to take each other
on in the Junior Division
of the tournament.
You wanna watch it?
Fine, I guess.
Beats getting stared at by
these insufferable weaklings.
Here they come.
They think they're
so cool. I can tell.
Nice to meetcha!
Huh?
Well? Aren't you gonna introduce
us to your friend, Gohan?
Your friend is
a girl, isn't she?
Uh, yeah.
Everybody, this is Videl.
You got yourself
a cute one, huh?
Way to go, Gohan.
I'm proud of you!
No, we're just friends.
The junior matches
are about to start up,
so we're going to watch 'em.
Join us after you get
your punch score, okay?
Yeah.
[GOHAN] I hope they get
this show on the road soon.
So you know them?
[GOHAN]
Sure I do!
In fact, the guy wearing
the bright orange gi,
well, he's my father!
What? But I thought you told me
your dad was dead, Gohan!
Yeah. 'Course I did.
That halo above his
head is the real deal.
I don't mean this as an insult,
but you guys're weird.
[ANNOUNCER] After a hiatus of
many years, the World Martial
Arts Tournament is
about to begin anew!
[CROWD cheering]
[ANNOUNCER] First up,
the Junior Division,
with fighters 15 years
of age and younger!
Even though the fighters are
small, the prizes are huge!
Ten million Zeni to the winner,
and five million
to the runner-up!
And on top of the prize money,
our first place junior will
be granted a sparring match
with an opponent who I
can say with confidence is
near and dear to all of us!
Put your hands together for our
reigning champ
and savior, Mr. Satan!
Yeah!
[CROWD cheering]
[MR. SATAN yells]
[groans]
[CROWD laughing]
Wait a minute, are you
okay there, champ?
[MR. SATAN groaning]
Huh?
[CROWD whispers, murmurs]
Gotcha!
[laughs]
That was awesome!
[CROWD]
Mister!
Satan!
Wow! You really had us going
there for a minute, champ!
I know, right?
[ANNOUNCER]
All right, folks!
Since we have a bit of time
before the end of the prelims
and the start of the juniors,
please enjoy this
special treat we prepared
starring the man, the myth,
the legend himself!
[indistinctive chatter]
[ANNOUNCER] Prepare to feast
your eyes on a cinematic
retelling of Mr. Satan's heroic
deeds during the Cell Games!
It's called
"Our Savior, Mr. Satan!
A Hero's Rise to
the Peak of Glory!"
[CROWD cheering]
What? Who approved this?
Sweet! A movie
about the Cell Games!
I have waited my
entire adult life for this!
Wait. They made
a movie about it?
[CROWD cheering]
No one got my thumbs-up to make
a movie about the Cell Games!
I told that dang
studio to leave it alone!
Please, Champ!
Don't be so modest!
If you wanna see it,
make some noise!
Louder!
Tell the Champ you
wanna see all his glory!
Hey! Hold your horses!
[CROWD chanting]
Show the film! Show the film!
Yeah!
You're getting your wish!
Now, sit back and enjoy!
Ha!
[chuckles]
That's their Cell?
[FAKE GOKU] We will
stop you, Cell Monster!
That's me!
[grunts]
[FAKE CELL laughs]
It is I,Cell who instead beat
you.
[FAKE GOKU]
Lets Fight Now!
[FAKE GOKU] Hi-ya!
Oh, wait, hold on.
Take that!
Hi-ya! Ya! Wu-ta!
This is tripe.
I dunno, guys.
This is the best
show I've ever seen.
[FAKE CELL laughing]
Losers!
You thought you were hot,
when in fact, you are not!
[FAKE GOKU]
You are most unkind!
[FAKE CELL laughs]
My power's maximum!
[FAKE MR. SATAN]
Hold it!
Huh?
[FAKE MR. SATAN]
Trembl--
[coughing] Hold on!
I'm okay--keep rolling!
Tremble in fear!
For it is I, the
great Mr. Satan!
[MAN 8C]
That's Mr. Satan!
[WOMAN 8B]
He looks so manly!
[HERCULE]
Seriously!
Who wrote this junk?
And how come they made me
look like a bobblehead?
[FAKE MR. SATAN]
You foolish little man!
[FAKE CELL]
Shabam!
[FAKE CELL laughing]
[FAKE MR. SATAN]
Shabam yourself!
[FAKE CELL] What?
How did you get so strong?
[FAKE MR. SATAN]
With pushups and situps!
And plenty of juice!
[CROWD cheering]
[FAKE CELL] Ah yes,
you make a good point.
But then, so do I!
[FAKE MR. SATAN] Ha! Think of
this as your chances!
[FAKE CELL]
No!
You have shown me
the error of my ways!
I beg of you!
Forgive me!
[FAKE MR. SATAN] Never!
Your crimes against
humanity cannot
go unpunished!
I shall now send you
to the next dimension!
[FAKE CELL shrieks]
See! You! In! HFIL!
[FAKE GOKU]
Mondo cool!
[FAKE VEGETA]
His coolness is over 9000!
[FAKE CELL]
Over 9000?
No!
[FAKE MR. SATAN]
Justice prevails!
[TV VOICE] Make sure
to purchase all Mr. Satan
merchandise at your
local vendor!
[CROWD chanting]
Mr. Satan! Mr. Satan!
[chuckles]
At the end of the day,
what's important
is that Cell got defeated--
am I right, you guys?
That was outta sight!
An absolute masterpi--!
Mr. Satan?
Where'd you go?
I'm so embarrassed!
Y'know, for a hero,
you're really modest!
Shut your stupid face!
[CROWD chanting] Mr. Satan!
Mr. Satan! Mr. Satan!
[BOY 8A] I gotta make
sure I beat all you guys,
so I can meet Mr. Satan
and get his autograph!
So, whatcha gonna
buy if you win?
[chuckles]
Candy and toys!
You're such a
little kid, Goten.
Yeah? How 'bout you?
I dunno. I hadn't really
thought about it.
Your family's already
like the richest one
in the whole world, Trunks.
There's probably
nothing you want, huh?
Look at all these brats!
Kickin' their butts is
gonna be a total cinch!
So, who's the first
lucky victim, Idasa?
It's great!
Check it out!
It's that little runt
in the green!
No way, man!
You'll break that kid!
You wanna go push
him around a bit first?
Hell yeah!
Y'know, I have
no idea what I want
when I win big today.
[BOY 8B]
Yo, pipsqueak!
Hey! I'm gonna kick
your butt out there!
But maybe I'll
give you preview!
Did you wet yourself?
[chuckles]
As if! Take a hike!
What?
And take that
dumb mullet with you.
--What did you say?
--You mouthy little--!
You just made a really
big mistake, kid!
I'm gonna pound you so far into
the ground they'll
never find ya!
Oh, really?
[ANNOUNCER] Once again, that
was "Our Savior, Mr. Satan!
A Hero's Rise to
the Peak of Glory!"
Let's get the fighting started
with the Junior Division
of the World Martial
Arts Tournament!
[CROWD cheers]
Guess the tourney's
a way bigger deal now.
Look at this crowd.
We didn't get to fight on a
ring that big, that's for sure.
It's nothing more
than a circus now.
Look! It's Trunks and Goten!
[NARRATOR] At long last,
the World Martial Arts
Tournament is underway!
The Junior Division
combatants take the
stage and prepare to fight
each other for honor, glory,
and a huge cash prize!
Will Trunks and Goten
steal the show?
Find out,
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
Looks like the
Junior Division matches
are off to a strong start, huh!
Good luck out there, Goten--
and you too, Trunks!
[ANNOUNCER] Wait,
Goku's kid is out there?
This I've gotta see!
I haven't been this excited
in a month of Sundays!
Hold onto your hats, folks!
[GOKU] Next time
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
[GOHAN]
Wow! I can't wait
to watch those two
tear it up, Dad!